This is a continutation of the menu kinda script.
I ran out of script space in the main mod menu so I had to migrate to a new script.
Even this new script is near the script breaking point due to a fuck ton of strings....

This has the cutscene player (re-worked) and a very barebones object spawner.
Both are currently incomplete. The cutscenes need mapped out to mission names, event names, etc.

The object spawner is maxed out to 50 objects. There is little over 100 objects to spawn.
I'm already at the max amount of pre-defined props the script will allow so to bypass that 
I added a option in this menu to let you manually define a object that you want to spawn if it
is not in the pre-defined list. You just have to manually spell it out to spawn it.
The objects to spawn are from the fragments rpfs so take note of object names there.
I couldn't figure out a good "backspace" method to erase letters/numbers that would work for switch/ps4
so if you mess up you will have to use the reset button to reset the string and spell it out again.
It's a headache I know, sorry wish I knew a better way but nothing i've done has worked for backspacing
the chars. My methods for xbox and ps3 don't seem to work for switch/ps4...

Anyways once you define a object you want to spawn, in the object list you will see a option called
Spawn: Defined Object - this option will spawn the object you manually wrote out/defined. I hope that makes sense.

Object spawner is incomplete because right now it needs a "rotation" system, I have a very basic one that only rotates
the spawned objects two certain directions, I can't figure out the other rotations as the math and functionality of
that is beyond me. If anybody has done rage scripting before and is used to the concept I could majorlly use some help
in this area as again it's beyond me...

Now with all of that said if you wish to use this add-on menu this script will go in
content.rpf| content/release64/scripting

Then in the main mod menu use the script loader and launch script id 1 and it will launch this add-on menu,

The controls are R Held Down + Dpad Left to Open
